chore: Handle too big CH payloads for caching (#191)
ContentSquare/chproxy: docs/content/en/configuration/caching.md

multiple replicas deployments. Currently only [Redis](https://redis.io/) key value store is supported. 
Configuration template for distributed cache can be found [here](https://github.com/ContentSquare/chproxy/blob/master/config/#distributed_cache_config).

#### Response limitations for caching

> Before storing the request response to a local or distributed cache, a validation verifies that the response length 
> is not greater than the max payload size configured by default or overridden in configuration. The default value of `defaultMaxPayloadSize` 
> is Petabyte and configured in `config/config.go` (`defaultMaxPayloadSize = ByteSize(1 << 50)`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before caching Clickhouse response, chproxy verifies that the response size 
is not greater than configured max size. This setting can be specified in config section of the cache `max_payload_size`. The default value
is set to 1 Petabyte. Therefore, by default this security mechanism is disabled.
```

Reviewer: also we should make it clear that the number is inclusive
